Welcome to the lists chapter in this chapter we're going to talk about lists but also dictionaries and
tuples.
But first of all let's have a look at what we are still lacking with lists.
So the problem is we already know this.
At least that's what you could say because we have worked with this quite a bit.
But for example how do we get the first 10 participants 10 entries off a list or the last 10 or how
do we get the first character of each element in the list or whatever you can think of according lists.
So we have done some things but there is still plenty to learn and we are going to use something called
slicing lists slicing.
And this is a functionality that will allow us to do this kind of thing so to slice a list into multiple
pieces.
And I'd say let's get started and look into this.